feat(rfs): add source to private module version (#9406)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/rfs_private_module_version.md

  start with a letter.

* `module_version` - (Required, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the module version number. Each version number can be
  defined by following the semantic versioning format.

* `module_uri` - (Required, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the address for accessing the module package in OBS. Modules
  allow you to bundle reusable code together. The OBS address can be accessed across regions of the same type. Regions
  are classified into universal regions and dedicated regions. A universal region provides universal cloud services for
  common tenants. A dedicated region provides specific services for specific tenants. The module package must be
  ZIP-formatted. To ensure the validity of the module package, the module package:
  + Cannot contain files whose names end with ".tfvars".
  + Cannot exceed `1` MB in size before and after decompression.
  + Cannot contain more than `100` files.
  + Cannot contain file paths starting with a forward slash (/).
  + Disallow spaces (" "), single periods ("."), or double periods ("..") between separators in file paths.

>   + Allow each file path to be up to `2048` characters long.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  + Allow each file path to be up to `2,048` characters long.
```

Author: ok
